## Public and Private API ##

_API documentation automatically generated by [docmeteor](https://github.com/raix/docmeteor)._

***

__File: ["utility.js"](utility.js) Where: {client}__

***

### <a name="Utility.cleanNulls"></a>*utility*.cleanNulls(doc)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __cleanNulls__ is defined in `Utility`*

__Arguments__

* __doc__ *{Object}*  

 Source object


__Returns__  *{Object}*


Returns an object in which all properties with null, undefined, or empty
string values have been removed, recursively.

> ```cleanNulls: function cleanNulls(doc) { ...``` [utility.js:10](utility.js#L10)


-

### <a name="Utility.reportNulls"></a>*utility*.reportNulls(flatDoc)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __reportNulls__ is defined in `Utility`*

__Arguments__

* __flatDoc__ *{Object}*  

 An object with no properties that are also objects.


__Returns__  *{Object}*
An object in which the keys represent the keys in the

original object that were null, undefined, or empty strings, and the value
of each key is "".

> ```reportNulls: function reportNulls(flatDoc) { ...``` [utility.js:31](utility.js#L31)


-

### <a name="Utility.docToModifier"></a>*utility*.docToModifier(doc)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __docToModifier__ is defined in `Utility`*

__Arguments__

* __doc__ *{Object}*  

 An object to be converted into a MongoDB modifier


__Returns__  *{Object}*
A MongoDB modifier.


Converts an object into a modifier by flattening it, putting keys with
null, undefined, and empty string values into `modifier.$unset`, and
putting the rest of the keys into `modifier.$set`.

> ```docToModifier: function docToModifier(doc) { ...``` [utility.js:49](utility.js#L49)


-

### <a name="Utility.getSelectValues"></a>*utility*.getSelectValues(select)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __getSelectValues__ is defined in `Utility`*

__Arguments__

* __select__ *{[Element](#Element)}*  

 DOM Element from which to get current values


__Returns__  *{string[]}*


Gets a string array of all the selected values in a given `select` DOM element.

> ```getSelectValues: function getSelectValues(select) { ...``` [utility.js:102](utility.js#L102)


-

### <a name="Utility.maybeNum"></a>*utility*.maybeNum(val)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __maybeNum__ is defined in `Utility`*

__Arguments__

* __val__ *{string}*  

__Returns__  *{String|Number}*


If the given string can be converted to a number, returns the number.
Otherwise returns the string.

> ```maybeNum: function maybeNum(val) { ...``` [utility.js:124](utility.js#L124)


***

__File: ["autoform.js"](autoform.js) Where: {client}__

***

### <a name="AutoForm.addHooks"></a>*autoform*.addHooks(formIds, hooks)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __addHooks__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __formIds__ *{[String[]](#String[])|String|null}*  

 Form `id` or array of form IDs to which these hooks apply. Specify `null` to add hooks that will run for every form.

* __hooks__ *{Object}*  

 Hooks to add, where supported names are "before", "after", "formToDoc", "docToForm", "onSubmit", "onSuccess", and "onError".


__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Defines hooks to be used by one or more forms. Extends hooks lists if called multiple times for the same
form.

> ```AutoForm.addHooks = function autoFormAddHooks(formIds, hooks) { ...``` [autoform.js:18](autoform.js#L18)


-

### <a name="AutoForm.hooks"></a>*autoform*.hooks(hooks)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __hooks__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __hooks__ *{Object}*  

__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Defines hooks by form id. Extends hooks lists if called multiple times for the same
form.

> ```AutoForm.hooks = function autoFormHooks(hooks) { ...``` [autoform.js:54](autoform.js#L54)


-

### <a name="AutoForm.resetForm"></a>*autoform*.resetForm(formId)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __resetForm__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __formId__ *{String}*  

__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Resets validation for an autoform.

> ```AutoForm.resetForm = function autoFormResetForm(formId) { ...``` [autoform.js:68](autoform.js#L68)


-

### <a name="AutoForm.setDefaultTemplateForType"></a>*autoform*.setDefaultTemplateForType(type, template)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __setDefaultTemplateForType__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __type__ *{String}*  
* __template__ *{String}*  


> ```AutoForm.setDefaultTemplateForType = function autoFormSetDefaultTemplateForType(type, template) { ...``` [autoform.js:133](autoform.js#L133)


-

### <a name="AutoForm.getDefaultTemplateForType"></a>*autoform*.getDefaultTemplateForType(type)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __getDefaultTemplateForType__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __type__ *{String}*  

__Returns__  *{String}*
Template name


Reactive.

> ```AutoForm.getDefaultTemplateForType = function autoFormGetDefaultTemplateForType(type) { ...``` [autoform.js:152](autoform.js#L152)


-

### <a name="AutoForm.getFormValues"></a>*autoform*.getFormValues(formId)&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __getFormValues__ is defined in `AutoForm`*

__Arguments__

* __formId__ *{String}*  

 The `id` attribute of the `autoForm` you want current values for.


__Returns__  *{Object}*


Returns an object representing the current values of all schema-based fields in the form.
The returned object contains two properties, "insertDoc" and "updateDoc", which represent
the field values as a normal object and as a MongoDB modifier, respectively.

> ```AutoForm.getFormValues = function (formId) { ...``` [autoform.js:1022](autoform.js#L1022)



-
TODO move most beyond this point to Utility and write tests
TODO should make this a static method in MongoObject

-
returns a "valid normalized forced-UTC global date and time string" representing the time converted to the UTC time zone and expressed as the shortest possible string for the given time (e.g. omitting the seconds component entirely if the given time is zero seconds past the minute)
http:www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/states-of-the-type-attribute.html#date-and-time-state-(type=datetime)
http:www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#valid-normalized-forced-utc-global-date-and-time-string
